 according to statistics on the basis of property, the united kingdom of the united kingdom must pay a tax on the number of persons in the united kingdom.
 it would be possible to incorporate the convention into or into national legislation, which would enable the article to be implemented in accordance with article 4.
 during the 1 quarter of 1993, the economic performance of the economy during the 1 quarter of 1993 is well known.
 the department of peacekeeping operations has accepted this recommendation and noted that candidates should be included in the recruitment of candidates after the completion of the advisory survey.
 the 1 step of the phase ii methodology calls for the establishment of grades as a basis for remuneration comparison.
 according to the progressive development of china's tourism market, the price price of these attractions may continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate for shopping shopping and street market stalls are now the highest peak for 5 years.
 peace-keeping is most difficult for peace-keeping, as the prediction of the prediction is likely to have significant changes at any time.
 it is important to take care of the country's intention, not instrumental.
 a spokesman for the israeli occupying forces was said to have long waited for long periods.
 some of us believe that this action would not be allowed to make public and transparent consultations.
 this is particularly useful for member states to know about the complexity of the problem dealt with by the court.
 in january 1996, the family family family planning association has been a major non-governmental organization for reproductive health.
 states parties have the state party to report on the most critical health problems affecting women in the country.
 it exercises its powers to international treaties, so that legally and in fact, it is a subject of international law.
 although current activities are still limited, the scale of space activities is expected to be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct an investigation into the facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who violate the law should be allowed to understand that the international community is the council's decisions and action.
 parents cannot afford to go to the school and the teacher.
 " i am pleased to see two systems ' implementation, two systems ' implementation, and the people of hong kong enjoy the results of this system.
 on the list of speakers today, the representative of malaysia, speaking on behalf of the group of 21, will represent the group of 21.
 the government understands that the hos plans to avoid marketing competition in private property market and maintain a different target of sales.
 we look forward to the strengthening of the united nations system in close consultation with the country concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term chief executive is elected by a sub-committee.
 if a installation of security, the person must pay at least appropriate attention to prevent the installation of the device.
 it also established an international e-commerce network in october 1998.
 in 1996, the growth rate of gdp growth in 1996 rose to 5.9 per cent.
 after visiting the visit to visit the visit to visit the visit to visit the visit to visit hong kong, he will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile expresses its strongest protest against a new nuclear device on 8 june 1996.
 as for the reasons set out in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the amount of military volunteers is not in principle in principle to be compensated.
 such appointments should be made by the president of the general assembly and the chairman of the group of regional groups.
 the problems of both the two countries and the government of the republic of belarus had not been able to pay a rapid response to the organization of the government of belarus and ukraine.
 member of the delegation of the panel on trade and the united states of america's delegation of the united states of america.
 mr wong's sheng-sheng-old huang's sheng-sheng's law, who was born in the university of the university.
 however, the committee notes that the country's services would not have any benefits.
 article 54 of the constitution referred to the establishment of the education system, which will be established by the state to establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury, a spokesman for the treasury, said today (december 30).
 mr tsang was grateful to the building of marine staff, and other interested parties in the construction of the boat team.
 okay, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, there is a need to have a number of prerequisites for some of these groups.
 tropical cyclone warning was lower than 10.30 pm at 10.30 pm.
 this is regrettable, in part, in part because the drafts prepared to be prepared by the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities are trying to solve these problems.
 the official languages of the conference included english, russian, french, spanish, and spanish, this year.
 among the transactions in hong kong, hong kong recognised 16 per cent and 10 per cent and 10 per cent of local financial institutions and local non-reventions.
 " in the long run, we are planning to build more multi-storey single singletons on a number of other places.
 it is vital to find that it would be feasible for the multilateral cooperation to multilateral cooperation.
 the culprit was arrested and sentenced to theft of theft.
 there is a concern for the donor community in humanitarian relief in the region.
 the prosecutor has already made a appeal to the chamber and the chamber was admitted to france.
 the trend towards the economic slowdown in these countries has adversely adverse effects on economic progress and the maintenance of social stability.
 one week is one or seven days.
 we have, through the united nations, to enter the world, through the united nations, the united nations has entered the world.
 3, special emphasis is placed on local, enterprises and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play a key role in order to facilitate the development of the development efforts of developing countries.
 " i don't know the sword, " he said, " i don't know the sword. "
 (15) the international perspective of expression and thinking.
 2 months have been reported since 11 september.
 chinese ministry of china's ministry of agriculture indicated that china's anti-protective bird flu measure is effective.
 chile agrees that the preventive deployment of the peace-keeping forces of the united nations peace-keeping forces would be able to prevent the errors of violent conflicts.
 at this critical juncture, it is important that the league of terror must clearly recognize and accept the enemy.
 i sincerely hope that the executive authorities can start a dialogue with different voices.
 a spokesman for the african group, a spokesman for the representative of africa, commended unifem for his efforts in response to the response.
 the chinese government intends to make a final plan at the beginning of next year to build a " base " base in the country.
 at the end of this year, the ancients of ancient times of the kekeung river is the way to modernize the road.
 as part of the day-to-day monitoring exercise, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit cards of credit operators.
 in our country, the arab language is the 2 largest official language.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued by the head of state or government or government or by the minister for foreign affairs.
 the contents of the publications have been enriched with a number of people's interest in the social and economic spheres of the public.
 the overwhelming majority of member states demonstrates that they had a tendency to increase the council's permanent and non-permanent membership.
 customers can be selected within six months after the issuance of the special stamps issued by the special stamps.
 the deputy secretary for education and manpower, mr joseph lai, visited the deputy secretary for education and bureau of education and the education department.
 in 1971, hong kong's relationship with a non-profit-based consortium of education has become an executive director.
 it is not easy to define voters and election activities.
 the united nations membership of the south pacific states expressed regret that france announced its intention to resume nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the age age is 15 years and 9 months.
 the service fee is $ 20.
 in many cases, the bulldozers pushed the homes, in many cases in many cases.
 these actions can be the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials, and humanitarian and peace-keeping personnel and the public.
 as a matter of fact, i went to belgium to the relevant people in europe.
 at present, a rapid change in the concept of national sovereignty, national sovereignty, security and peace, security and the concept of peace.
 such information is conducive to the real responsibilities of real responsibilities in space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the chairman of the joint president shahd ahmad ( pakistan).
 the committee affirms the need to strengthen the state-building process, consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of such institutions.
 the israeli army had been destroyed, and the israeli army arrived at the scene.
 the text of the language structure has become more constructing and the content of the content of the text.
 this persisted not only in high prices, not only the ordinary people, but also triggered high attention to the government authorities and experts of experts.
 when he does not speak, he may need to take a look at the heart.
 we can never be able to do so.
 the saying goes: " it's hard to do it. "
 it is expected that all of the country's national party is expected to accelerate the situation in the democratic party.
 during the days of the days of the day, it is like that the light of the lights, the light of the lantern is a retrogression.
 the mainland opens people from taiwan to taiwan.
 the most common aspects of the existence of hypothetical jurisdiction is the exclusive economic zone of navigational and territorial seas.
 the spokesman reminded members of the public to refer to such fraud frauds. if there is doubts, please report to the police.
 margaret chan officially elected the director-general of the world health organization on november 9.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 without the international covenant on extradition, it is based on domestic law provisions on extradition.
 the universal declaration of human rights, which was adopted by the general assembly of the general assembly on 10 december 1948, provides for the development of states.
 the committee commends the constitution of the constitution of slovenia, in particular to guarantee the human rights of women.
 er, it has been published in this, and the whole world has not been black.
 the principle of non-discrimination is a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating a historical process, and the process is more uncertain than two years ago.
 after the government's government's government's government's government gazette, the number of browss from april april increased to nearly 60000 in november.
 this situation occurred in the pre-trial case or the present case.
 the state party may wish to address the problem in the near future.
 the results of the commissions work must depend on the modalities of the capacity and the committees of the committee.
 the letter of authorized registration must be signed by the original school.
 the contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we are in our pursuit of " quality " and does not mean that we consider the " quantity ".
 in the democratic republic of the congo, the international community has no action to end the conflict.
 one of the demand is to assess the damage to crops and infrastructures.
 therefore, the government has helped to promote the merger of hong kong's two exchanges and clearings on the basis of the merger of hong kong.
 in the alliance of mano river union, regional offices must assist the implementation of the three ministers in september and october.
 the maximum penalty and execution of killings, explosions, and the highest limits of a crime, and the highest limits of a crime.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullet was fired by a genuine gun.
 in a analysis of the waiting time for the analysis, the applicant can be divided into three categories.
 this is one of the main causes of aids spread.
 the way of re-establishing people's life as an example.
 this would be possible to ensure peace and harmony in peace and harmony.
 in terms of food prices, i do not know what weather changes in china can be done.
 this will not only enhance the ability of hong kong to produce local production.
 i would like to understand that we can understand that our dreams are at the end of 17 years.
 in the case of good health, the symptoms of the symptoms are very minor.
 it is appropriate for the work of the united nations agencies to cooperate in cooperation with the united nations agencies.
 in the face of the world's " products " products ' products, parents can be much more suitable for them.
 if there is a very serious result, the consequences of the consequences are very serious.
 for those vietnameses and lao la lao, it will continue to seek voluntary repatriation for the repatriation of a voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system in 1999 has improved well, and the system has improved.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear tests before the entry into force of the ctbt is essential.
 article 31 of the basic law provides that hong kong residents have traveled and free of freedom.
 they also believe that this may lead a precedent, leading to all types of vessels to be issued before all types of vessels.
 right.
 as the government has been aware of the problem, the government will never tell us that the government will never make public opinion.
 at the end of august 1997, there were 34 chinese state-owned enterprises in hong kong.
 to date, there have been more than 30 tons of relief items that have been transported to go to goma.
 the committee expresses its appreciation for the challenge of globalization and new technologies to the implementation of the drug law in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women is reflected in the disparities in the working life.
 on the other hand, it was impossible to engage in trade in egypt before the opening of the borders of 1994.
 madam president, in fact, the procession of a few people is not a person's rights and is not always a political demands.
 the delay will affect the credibility of the riot.
 14. recently, the companies and foundations of the private sector are in interest in the global interest of cooperation with the united nations.
 there are no other comments <unk> " in the taiwan house.
 i am excited.
 two documents, one of the identity cards, is the israelis of the israelis, and another is the residents.
 since the time is limited, i have not been able to make all services to all service.
 the recent political developments in recent years seem to help hong kong's early settlement of the problem.
 the model of models includes a model of the modelal models of 3-wistological models and gas oil oil.
 9 percentage points of the growth of 9 percentage points from currency exchange rates.
 the typical of the illicit arms transactions are carried out from the control of administrative facilities from the control of weapons.
 switzerland, not tolerated by the swiss financial system, is not tolerated by the swiss financial system in the future.
 most of the job vacancies are available for graduates or places at the same time as a monthly salary of $ 8000 to $ 18000.
 the total value of works completed by the main contractor in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 with regard to the detailed details of the commission, please see the provisions of the financial and capital markets act.
 in the near future, these programmes were broadcast in the near future.
 the commonwealth of civil society in the commonwealth is a great complement and support.
 the chinese delegation believes that the current international nuclear disarmament efforts are now holling at hosing <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 since the honourable leung wing-kung has a lot of time, it is very good for me to support.
 the observer for the indians, africa and the inter-american cultural association believes that non-crovied population is a minority in argentina.
 " we are planning to conduct an opinion survey in the next three years.
 we are not clear about the edition of the chinese side, which is very likely to be hong kong officials as an excuse.
 the mission was held in new york in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law defines these parties (the signatory, dependent on the parties and certification services) act.
 as a result, the rate of capacity in the implementation of the national programme is very low.
 the committee will consider a particular topic.
 " the hksar warmly supported the wto as soon as possible.
 for example, the saharan sub-saharan africa is only one of the 5 300 people in the south african region.
 the media must respect the dignity and reputation of the institutions.
 the israeli authorities were also closed on several days in the gaza strip between the gaza strip and egypt, which was closed for several days.
 as a result of the increase, the reduction in transport costs has been reduced, and the reduction in transport costs has benefited from all sectors.
 such as chao man man-chien, a book-to-the-art.
 36. 2. 2. in the 2 category, there are technical and technical skills and skilled talents.
 she would like to do what can be done, such as radios, television, school, writers, passion, singing and war and war.
 when talking about taiwan's children, it is very difficult to look at the impact on them.
 on the basis of a higher value, it can be based on the basis of higher value.
 in fact, i am invited to speak at the dinner of the secretary for housing.
 an independent expert group has been entrusted with an independent expert group to encourage consultants to work in an open and transparent manner.
 i do not have the eyes to see, but often i heard such reports.
 (a) the companies who are interested in the rental of the cyberport should apply for formal application.
 as for movies, hou hsiao-hsien's story is " loved ", " says yang chu-hsien, " he says. "
 the united nations will face the test.
 the director of health, the director of health, said that about four years later.
 very difficult.
 in the department's central institutions, women accounted for more than 50 per cent of existing staff and 1<unk>3 of these posts.
 the court believes that buyers did not fulfil the obligations of the payment of the payment.
 the independent human rights association of the region shall be a channel for the human rights commission on human rights.
 as the draft sponsors sponsors of the draft sponsors of the draft sponsors, it will be the real olympic performance.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 16 august 2002.
 the sfc and the financial centre have recently made a report on the status of hong kong's position in hong kong.
 the conference considered that the mandate of the elections is the privileges of the general assembly, not the privileges of the security council.
 in the modern civilization, there is no trace of shopping in the modern civilization.
 we have set a long goal to develop hong kong's development as an international metropolitan region.
 at the banquet meeting, the director of social welfare, mr lam cheng-yu, and the fund management committee to provide $ 80 new year.
 the honourable mrs selina chow's proposal to enhance the use of the " juvenile police ".
 a breakthrough was found in overseas markets.
 with regard to the amendment moved by the honourable lee cheuk-yan, i would like to point out that his argument is actually depressed.
 shanghai, shanghai, import and export company, is similar to the above-mentioned situation.
 the hong kong shipping company has been able to maintain a commercial decision on the domestic product industry.
 to help sierra leone and people in the civil war after eight years of civil war, the consolidation of the united states is a priority.
 it was said that history was in a position.
 the national development framework of the transitional government has shown the role of the state in the economic and social sphere.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider the scope of reference of the employment bureau to encompass all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, and the international support will be invalid.
 industrialization partners still need to be done to reduce tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica stated that the delegation had always been very active in their duties since the delegation had been members of the commission.
 israel is proud of the ancient traditions of the whole world as a whole.
 <unk> the director of information services on january 7, 2002 by the director of information services.
 the dances of the dances were used with fresh flowers.
 the situation in the united nations community is most worrying.
 as a result, another doctor of the doctor said that the child had been infected with a child.
 the questionnaire has been delivered to all programmes and donor governments, national teams and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the beauty of the hypothetics, the rescue team is even more comfortable.
 the aim is to exert pressure on a 3-party pressure, peace-building, so that ethiopia ceases to cease war.
 a no. 3 alarm fire occurred today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill in 2004.
 the people of kosovo, the people of the community should not let the past, and they should not let the past to encourage them in the future.
 we must not forget that the public money is not a waste of public money.
 on the contrary, local universities in hong kong will increase in a number of times.
 i have recently been attended by the representatives of the district to attend the general assembly.
 a copy of these written statements should be submitted to the prosecutor or the person to be sent to these written statements.
 qin chin-sheng said that james soong will arrive in the 1 station on may 5.
 the committee also notes that additional information was provided during the consideration of the report and after the consideration of the report.
 major train explosions occurred on the 22, north korean train station on north korea.
 the activities of the activities included in the activities of civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and representatives of journalists, as well as journalists.
 at the end of this year, i cannot agree with the sentiments of the people of hong kong.
 however, there are also other areas of international trafficking in other areas including clothing, agricultural and construction industries.
 i do not believe in my own country, but i often hear religions of religion.
 therefore, it is feared that only the chinese government should be eligible for the future sar government on the future.
 we need to assess the impact of elections to the administration and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you for an analysis of mr. qiuhai.
 in fact, we have already partially implemented some of its provisions, particularly on the provisions of mine clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america was 12 per cent in latin america.
 the number of unemployed persons decreased to 19.30000 and the first to 200000 people in the first four years.
 in the financial year, the united states import and export bank has provided financial assistance to the united states in the world market for the united states.
 a two informal ministerial meeting will be held on thursday, 5 june and 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering the possibility of adopting legal action on pollution of the financing of the financial secretary.
 it was proposed to establish 36 posts, 18 posts, under the support account for the support account.
 in taiwan, the " 3 route " is the main reference for the government of chen shui-bian.
 right, we have a series of tables, um.
 in addition, the transport department has increased a daily daily-to-spot checker on the ground at the scene, to 12.
 political and religious freedom not only in the constitution but also in other documents.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council members to the attention of the members of the council.
 if they wish to close the site, the meeting took place at 105 rooms of the united states congress.
 the book book shall be subject to the last 3 years after the final element of the court.
 there are 2000000000 people.
 in bangkok, a large number of bangkok people are prepared to take place at the bangkok centre in bangkok.
 we fully support similar statement by the representatives of the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxis at the urban council can be picked up at sheung shui road, near ming ming road.
 conventional arms transfers of conventional arms are transparent and transparent by the legitimate weapons of sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that some local employers have continued to streamline manpower because of the uncertainty of economic growth and business prospects.
 it needs to be a social consensus. "
 such penalties were applied only to the citizens of the czech republic, but also without access to refugees.
 when i went to my child, i have all my hearts very serious, and i have a very serious problem.
 the commission on human rights and peoples in africa also participated in the international seminar.
 the study of gender-related and unequal inequalities affect the research process in the cumulative process.
 it is estimated that the potential of these technology applications could reach a number of000000000 us dollars.
 the government today (december 22) announced the appointment of the appointment of the labour advisory committee (lab) for two years starting from january next year.
 the 3 category is particularly concerned about the elderly.
 " the east asian region has all along been a surplus of fiscal surplus, and should also be able to apply. "
 the swd has contacted the family, with psychological counselling.
 the maximum amount of accommodation for the country is about 80 per cent.
 these developments further exacerbate the strategy for the post-cold-war period.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in the west timor camps.
 these persons have already been exhausted, and resources have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign troops, whether they were not invited or not, should be withdrawn from the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to improving the recruitment of police officers, remuneration, the training and management of the police are also equally applicable to prison guards.
 " the inspection is also found to be sufficient to meet traffic, public utility facilities and other facilities, " he added.
 now, after nearly 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been included or were reflected in some international conventions.
 the ministry of home affairs and the second floor of the buildings are located.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 round of balloting.
 the wishing hong kong will always be a piece of sunshine, the air quality, prosperity and prosperity, and happiness.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong have been the main power of economic and social development.
 we therefore stress first that the nuclear powers to conclude a comprehensive nuclear-test-ban treaty treaty was concluded in 1996.
 in contrast, the largest internet service providers in the united states has only maintained a network of 20 users.
 since the opening of the reforms, small and medium-sized enterprises in the country have made a significant contribution to the strategic goal of social stability.
 because of the warming of warming and well, it will be a long time, and it will be five to five.
 i hope that, in the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general can see the general hall of the general assembly hall.
 <unk> there are no provisions in which the guardian of the guardian was appointed by the guardian of the guardian.
 for example, the measures agreed to include the implementation of a uniform document of national citizens in the region.
 as a matter of great friends, he is truly friends.
 mr howard young: madam president, the problem of unemployment, employment and employment difficulties have been plagued for some time.
 " even if they enter into the internal side, it should not be allowed to abandon their performance ".
 otherwise the draft articles would lose its most practical role.
 as a result, the average rate of inflation in the last year is disturbing.
 in hong kong, it would not be hoped that hong kong's mainland and taiwan's veinary college graduates have access to the use of drugs and antibiotics.
 these greek cypriots are 66 years old.
 the last weekend also raised the same forecast on the weekend.
 the project could also give more public awareness of cultural diversity and to maintain such diversity as well as in this regard.
 in view of the large number of applications, the government is considering whether there is a need to increase the number of loans.
 the above-mentioned claims were carried out on the basis of the criminal code of criminal procedure and was implemented by the judges.
 in this connection, the student's death to death is the only way he had to death.
 provision of basic medical supplies was provided to the provision of basic medical supplies at unrwa's primary health facilities facilities.
 the soil reform plan is not only a retribution of land.
 in view of this theme, the conference sought to remind people that every 20 minutes have been killed or maimed.
 later, there was a number of crafts of crafts and crafts in the neighbours of the neighbours.
 motorists are advised to follow instructions from traffic signs and follow-up at the scene.
 this conclusion, as a result, has been surprisingly that the legal adviser had been dismissed to the fact that the legal adviser had been dismissed by his competent act.
 in the assistance of the ilo, the government of benin is considering expanding the possibility of expansion of the existing social security system or the possibility of individual.
 amputation of the amputation of the amputation of their lives, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries declined at the same time.
 after the implementation of the scheme, many colleagues will expect that many colleagues will take the journey of lifelong learning.
 he was said to have fallen after his father's report after his father filed a written complaint.
 other officers of the narcotics bureau also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 as a matter of fact, the only place for low-skilled employment opportunities is a low-level service sector.
 the project suggests that there is currently a small-scale funding approach to focus on the previous policy experience of credit subsidies.
 mrs miriam lau said that it was the " youth charter ".
 the three men arrested the money to attempt to chee the woman.
 they shall open on the open market for monetary, financial, trade and other macroeconomic policies.
 from international moral and international law, it is impossible for us to support the war against iraq.
 real development concepts should contain full respect for all universally recognized human rights.
 state practice demonstrates that the duration of the duration of the right of option is significant.
 the islamic state of afghanistan hoped that the security council has considered its consideration of the previous agenda, which could also be re-examined in the consideration of this measure.
 it has been possible to achieve a large reduction in the population living in poverty, although the asian economic crisis has aroused setbacks.
 as a result, the countries of poverty have no access to funds.
 recognition of the role of neighbouring countries in the security and economic spheres.
 the security council is deeply concerned about the deterioration of the situation in and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department were closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to that end, it should be devoted to achieving the goal of a multi-ethnic people.
 jeff discovered that development, development, manufacturing and sales of the world, as well as many world well-known consumer goods.
 as a result, the vein veinter veins were also deployed to inspect the chickens, " the spokesman said.
 the secretariat has analysed a significant number of missions survey data and verifying the rates of self-sustainable rates.
 if the flood problem in the northwest new territories is to be addressed, we must implement the shenzhen river project.
 the capitalism of law and ethicism has often resulted in drug trafficking, and organized crime and corruption.
 after the 1 work of the king's ranking work, chen chao-chi's worker was the first series of collusion.
 the one-way navigation between the two places can be reduced to around 40 minutes.
 the report on the deterioration of the deterioration of the deterioration of the economic situation in the palestinian territories is well known.
 <unk> don't have a large amount of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 persons were shot and 38 individuals were burned dead.
 the working group working with international human rights services agency, a minority rights group held in 1997 to address these issues.
 28 officers of the immigration department and 13 officers in sham shui po, sham shui po.
 therefore, the contracting authority would prefer to consider the changes that may need to change.
 the developed and developing countries as well as economic growth in economic growth, as well as economic growth in economic growth, is particularly significant in developing countries.
 according to the same sources, more than 800 persons were allegedly killed by armed militants in the fight against the police.
 in accordance with a law section 22, " no. 22. "
 mr president, it will be a complete solution for the landfills of the jordan of jordan, mr. president.
 over 200 million children have died in armed conflict in armed conflict, with more than 600 million permanent disability or severe injuries.
 this is a great help to develop eco-development. "
 basically, this is a tangible commitment to the government of the government.
 if they have failed to make improvements or effect, the department will issued warning letters to the department.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 in addition, the international reputation is one of the most competitive economies in the world.
 the highways department (sd) today (july 20) signed the construction value of the construction value of the construction company limited to the construction of $ 680008000000 later this month.
 i have checked the hong kong legislation to refer to the basic law.
 thirdly, cooperation in the area of non-traditional security is carried out in the field of non-traditional security.
 compared to june june to july this year, most of the major trades and employment conditions remained stable.
 this is not easy, but if there is a quota system, more people with disabilities will be absorbed by the market.
 in addition, australia is actively participating in drafting negotiations on the international convention for the financing of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the factory and industrial operations, will effectively implement the protection plan.
 the letter does not wish to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 however, we firmly believe that the report of the secretary-general contains the right framework for the future in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the number of people living in poverty and relative numbers are growing.
 we look forward to the industry in this regard, " the spokesman added.
 the state party submits that the same approach should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the roots of the darfal conflict was a dispute between the arabs of the region in the area of farming.
 the amendment has been reserved to be reserved for the future development of the fire services department and open space such as space and open space.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but only from liberia.
 the first reading of the details will also be available to provide assistance to those who improve the language skills.
 on the other hand, chen was sitting on the plates of the skull.
 in fact, in terms of judicial jurisdiction, the proposal of the garrison act is almost the same.
 the spokesman pointed out that the establishment of the resources centre for the judiciary is not to encourage the proceedings of the proceedings.
 the chairman of the joint conference, mr. president, would like to make a follow-up action on the various recommendations and recommendations on the recommendations.
 in addition, we will also prepare a review on the review of the district boards after the 2003 elections.
 a car travelling vehicle in the 1 avenue will be limited to the car travelling vehicle in 1 avenue.
 as a result of being moved to the village, more than 320000 trees were used by villagers.
 the reform of the land reform institute of el salvador was established as a result of the land transfer plan, which is a result of the peace agreement.
 according to the information provided, the advisory committee does not object to these posts.
 police are investigating the girl's relatives or the girl, please call mong kok police station at 2398 6199.
 in 1997, the institute had been designated by the institute in order to implement improved quality and improving productivity programmes.
 this morning, i would like to focus on two issues.
 to that end, the importance of education to education is the means and means of developing countries to promote the development of social development.
 the ruf is not an army, and it is certainly not a command of the army of the army.
 the field asset control system is an audit of the united nations asset, which is at the end of the initial procurement time.
 it is not possible.
 for security reasons, these substances must not be unexploded, without radioactive, non-confidence and no chemical response.
 the offence of treason was found in the common law system.
 worse still, as a result of the devastating threat of the nuclear-weapon-free zone, the threat of the nuclear-weapon-free threat seemed to be rooted in a number of people.
 the village has been able to escape.
 armed conflict in darfal areas began in february last year.
 the right to discrimination is part of the international protection of human rights, in particular respect for the international protection of human rights.
 the commission's procedure is confidential, based on the rules, any document or address.
 but with the gradual recovery in the economy, it is believed that the hong kong dollar will pick up again.
 the choice is to choose whether or not to enter into the trading contract.
 efforts will continue to be made, but it will be a challenge.
 they tend to be dismissed.
 at that time, governor patten is busy in the preparation of the conservative party elections.
 asianet daily summary-press releases on friday, november 16, 2001.
 it is possible, however, that only one defendant has been referred to the court to trial.
 in order to avoid conflicts, the role of the security council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to guarantee independence.
 the loss of life, in particular the lives of children, are always saddened, and it is always sadnessing, and it is always sad.
 the seizure of the seizure included $ 50000.
 in recent years, rapid changes have occurred in the world economy.
 these guidelines are also available on the websites of the buildings department and have been distributed to all management companies and owners.
 they believed to be the level of science and technology.
 while member states have requested to enhance representation in the field, its progress was being hampered by the shortage of resources.
 at 3 p.m. local time at 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb was hit by a car bomb in the city of the city of mahak huda.
 senior officials of senior officials attending the session, as well as personal personal staff, will receive special permits to the united nations security and security service.
 information received from the latest maps and new access to new access have been prompted to rescue agencies.
 the programme is 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women and children, no gender discrimination.
 however, the united nations peacekeeping forces and other united nations agencies have carried out mine clearance activities in its mandate.
 the government of cambodia has provided legal protection for hiv <unk> aids, and to protect the human rights of these people.
 as a result, once again, the housing department has to go to the housing department for further inspection.
 drop-out rates for girls are still higher than boys, at secondary and university levels, and boys are still in place.
 on the other hand, there were two sides of the two sides on the part of two sides.
 there is no difficulties in the establishment and access of such private schools.
 unexpectedly, she has changed her decision because she changed her decision.
 a warning letter will be received from the transport department.
 the united states has always been the united states that, er, er, er, er, er.
 chairman of the environment, the president of the world bank of the world bank.
 if the senior officials are interested in investment, it is not as much as possible to do business.
 it should also take into account the spread of international systems in the international system, particularly the spread of globalization and new technologies.
 some of the things cannot be said.
 it has been proposed to eliminate sugar quotas in the united states market.
 however, in the longer term, the government still intends to recruit suitable candidates.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but the following day was still to be reported to the gendarmemememe.
 mr. park is the modernization of the modernization of the hong kong sar.
 the greater the voting, of course, of course, of course, of course, of course, of course.
 a distance of 400 kilometres of ballistic missiles are available at a distance of about 13 minutes.
 if his spirit is not enough enough, i believe that there will be a few.
 this is a clear nature.
 in december 1963, the armed attacks on the turkish cypriot community was a movement of ethnic cleansing in turkish cypriots.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that, except in order, should include models.
 we are liaising with the canadian authorities to understand the details of the court hearing. "
 the chinese delegation expresses its appreciation to the delegation of his delegation to the work of the subject.
 there is no person to go to him.
 with regard to the instability of the situation of marriage, she asked whether it was the case to identify the causes of the family division.
 the fact is that the earth's environment is worse than a year earlier.
 the government today (april 20) announced the appointment of the advisory committee on innovation and technology advisers and special advisers.
 he will have major reforms in the securities and futures markets and to strengthen the supervision of the banking sector.
 as a result, it has led to the need for non-governmental organizations and other important groups to participate in all levels at all levels.
 the delegation said that most of the most part of this is the result of external forces, uncontrolled and individual actions.
 " this is the hard efforts of the past and in the past, " the spokesman said.
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the standard of living standards and improvement of children's living standards, parents have to pay some costs.
 however, further efforts have been made to make further efforts in order to facilitate the outcome of the work of the work.
 those criminal acts could not be allowed to provide safe asylum.
 on july 26 this year, he was able to see a security guard in sha tin and saw a security guard with two burglants.
 the council considers that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their actions.
 under the traditional business environment, the marketers can only take care of him to take care of their clients or contact.
 article 54 of the constitution states that expatriates of the republic of the republic shall be entitled to the same protection of the law of haiti.
 the member states of the european union have a three-year period of time to bring its legality to the direct consensus of 6 june 2000.
 the pfp is an anger of a press conference on a press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of the treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the developed countries in the region continues to be weakered by the japanese economy.
 other people's own people, such as their own people, is not used.
 as a result of the colons of the catasss, he still has to be able to make a lot of stacks.
 in the world's water production experiments, it was agreed that there was a good breakthrough in the fishing industry.
 despite its condemnation by the international community, the security council adopted a multi-ethnic, multicultural and multi-ethnic society.
 in accordance with the regulation and standards of the sfc, the hkma will take enforcement measures to implement the regulation.
 for the first time, there was the first time for the first time.
 we want to see the real universality of the university of peace and to bear a truly global mission.
 the population is estimated to be an important parameters for projection and projection, as well as research in private and commercial institutions.
 more than half years ago, the chinese school is invited to participate in chinese schools.
 the united states government recognizes the diplomatic immunity of the cuban diplomatic bank.
 secondly, the fee fee is to be paid on the basis of the adjudication category.
 among the competitions, students have to cope with accidents, such as power power, the black-in-charge of the accident, loading, and equipment equipment.
 we are now considering the views of the industry and the implementation of the recommendations.
 a number of staff members visited by undcp also visited undcp in thailand and china.
 the bill does not have any particular reference to the use of pet companies to concentrate on the loan and one or a company.
 it's strange to say that the chinese people think about the names of the names of the names of the chinese.
 staff of the department of health have provided health education and disinfection at their home.
 i now turn to the question of post-conflict peace-building, given the current situation of post-conflict peace-building.
 the non-governmental organization also stated that the high commissioner should take the initiative to ask the special rapporteur's recommendations to the special rapporteur.
 when focusing on the necessary action, we refuse to try to stay on a single side.
 we are watching the process of questioning the question of palestine issue in the middle east.
 members of the council agreed to do so.
 these include a threat to the concept of sovereignty, including the concept of sovereignty, has been hampered by technology.
 the maintenance of world security and peace cannot be made to the development efforts of the international community.
 in a number of december, a state of emergency was extended again on 15 december.
 a few days after the taliban occupied mazar-e-sharif, the authorities began to proceed to other detention sites to other detention sites.
 it is unique in its unique nature, enabling them to use threats, deterrence, coercion, self-defence and revenge.
 it has been the government's government's government's government's government's policy to provide support platforms as the application of open standards.
 in addition, 106 private care centres have been maintained at the rate of 106 private care centres.
 after that incident, both sides have taken military action, but there was no significant change in front-line situation.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a series of new novels.
 however, there will be an immediate action on a number of immediate dangers.
 the expert committee could make new images of new images with the commission's database for the commission's database.
 the estimate contains a 10 per cent vacancy rate of 10 per cent.
 using the use of natural gas to natural gas, it will also reduce sulphur dioxide, nitrogen and carbon dioxide emissions.
 works will start early next year and is expected to be completed in early 2001.
 large-scale establishments are more than 100 or more or more than 100 or more people in the other sectors.
 according to section 2, chapter 23, chapter 23 of the penal code, penalties are applied to the highest limits of the offence.
 the general assembly has recently adopted resolution 56<unk>82, from the list of non-self-governing territories to east timor.
 mr. wang (china) (china) (interpretation from chinese): 7 july, the king of the world, the distinguished king of morocco, had died of illness.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda sent the rwanda operation mission to be arrested by other 5 suspects.
 of them, these are being implemented by non-governmental organizations, and the remaining 19 were organised by the swd.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to the two spanish special concerns.
 it would be possible to go out of the car's car.
 2, small and medium-sized enterprises (the " smes ") use information technology.
 8 days after the day, the us was two sides of us.
 more than 2,000 basins, will be displayed at the hong kong park hall in hong kong from january 13 to 16, 2000.
 the survey will provide a reliable and updated information on the entire territory of the territory, particularly poverty.
 one of the hot spots of their attention is to be launched this year.
 in 1993, hong kong's legislation in 1993 is a major trend in respect of human rights in the world.
 it is also known that there is a lot of grievances for vomiting and other diseases.
 15 catholic churches and the charity agency of the humanitarian organization, as well as his many staff, were reportedly executed in dili.
 in particular, he suggested that the legislation had been revised in 1999 to grant more investigative powers and the independence of the competition management.
 the secretary for foreign affairs, china and south korea, held in beijing.
 he will deliver a lecture at the luncheon meeting of the hong kong trade development council and the french association of france.
 it would be possible for the international community to cooperate together with each other.
 the ministry of finance was given a response to the proceedings on 19 january 2001.
 " the government's primary objective is to stabilize the property market, and the property market will not be large down.
 just now, the honourable lau ping-cheung has just said that, if the application is applied <unk>
 the delegation of the sponsor delegation stated that the legal basis for the proposal could be found in article 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, states that have stockpiled countries must begin to gather data on its storage and production records.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables are funded from various agencies.
 i remember that some people have used a lot of people who have used the interests of the interests of the rich and so on.
 i believe that many people will not agree with this view, but it will oppose the levy of land departure tax.
 in accordance with the contract stipulated, the issue of transport <unk> transportation must be agreed upon with forests.
 the armed forces of the angolan armed forces also captured the attacks in the south-eastern part of the country, and continued in the south-eastern part of the country.
 if we have decided to extend the scheme, we will continue to be targeted to provide assistance to the problems affecting the shortage of labour.
 in the light of the germany's green trains, the price is fast quickly and the price is $ 80000000000.
 in 2001, the court received an interconnection of the government of the people's republic of china.
 such tasks are still being considered by the division and the specific situation is still being considered and approved.
 police will launch special traffic arrangements on hong kong island to be held on january 6.
 private universities also provide relief to the financial situation of the students.
 improving the relationship between us and egypt, as well as the resumption of multilateral negotiations, is indispensable to further realization of the common goal of our region.
 he was very strong, and he was very strong, and he was trying to seize him.
 some police officers have asked the question of the perpetrators.
 although the results showed that those who were unintentioned for pharmaceuticals were being sold by a german company.
 it welcomed the adoption of the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons as a non-nuclear-weapon states.
 israel continues to be open to the tunnels of the al-qaq al-qaqsa mosque.
 in fact, after the spring festival this year's spring festival, the tourism council has not received any complaints from tourists.
 " i believe that you will become an important asset in hong kong. "
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has conducted a liquidation adjustment to reflect the latter of the latter.
 therefore, if you are concerned about the right to the demonstration, i am sure that we should not relax the spirit.
 the private car immediately removed the scene along sha tau kok street to escape the scene along sha tau kok street.
 although there is evidence of evidence, they are still defending their defence, saying that they are not " changing. "
 governments have taken various ways to control these monopolies.
 it must be pointed out, however, that the performance of their respective roles and missions are not fair and inappropriate.
 i believe it will not only affect the future.
 the environmental problems of the environment have continued to do so, and even the words " everything " should be referred to the level of development assistance.
 " our immunization system is like the military as the army, which can be resistance to external invasion.
 both citizens and voters are very high.
 this resulted in the decline in the gaza strip in the gaza strip and caused salt water from sea to east.
 i believe that this week is of great importance in this week to show our commitment to the international community.
 i also express my gratitude to the secretary-general and thank him for his consideration of the report today.
 we need to fulfil this international responsibility. "
 argentina, for its part, has been able to sacrifice the democratic republic of rebuilding democracy after decades of political instability.
 in the west gates, it is only a legend for her many legends.
 we all know that we are well known to stone stones.
 in fact, it is an important part of the united nations involvement in the work of the ocean.
 in the history of history, there are no other children's death.
 " the entire continent of peace " is the whole of our entire continent and to give a bright place to the peoples of the peoples.
 as the chairman of the newly established advisory committee, the chairman of the ad hoc committee has set up a good basis on the basis of a good basis for the former ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to be a moral instrument for the implementation of punishment and the aspirations of the entire international community.
 in recent years, cocaine seizures in recent years were low, and 913 kg cocaine were seized in 2000.
 in that connection, pakistan supported the proposal of mexico's proposal to consider the request of the international court of justice for consideration.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (hk) has issued a detailed arrangements for the establishment and operational arrangements of the industry.
 he was then taken away by a police vehicle, which was taken away by a police vehicle, and he was once a time.
 with regard to the environment, the international effort should be carried out in a more effective and more substantive manner.
 the secretary-general has put forward the direction of the united nations.
 it is also necessary to define more clearly the users of information, and evaluate the results of the work.
 the honourable chan kam-lam said that his speech would be more short than my speech, but now i would now be more than him.
 lithuania also attached great importance to the role of other international forums in the fight against terrorism.
 the court of appeal of the united states, a court of appeal, a court of appeal to the district court.
 in view of this point, 150000 displaced persons in the southern part of the equation area and 150000 displaced persons in katanga province were not aided.
 as a result of the fighting and air strikes in kabul, some international groups have been compelled to leave the city.
 in response to the current economic environment, we also urge the government to consider reducing the feasibility of pre-trial training courses, " the spokesman said.
 at best, i can only go to the local saying that the government is merely unfair.
 currently, the current operating budget for unhcr is less than $ 40 per year.
 in addition, 10 per cent of payment payment was made on the basis of the non-usable dollar based on the basis of non-us$ dollar value.
 premier premier and mrs.
 the ministerial ministerial ministerial conference will be held in seattle and could be a forum forum.
 speaking on the 1 question, he recommended that the 1 question is to be able to meet the basic skills of secondary schools, university graduates and professional groups.
 thus, if the so-called unanimous and more enriched language of the so-called unanimous language, it is not wise.
 regular receives and <unk> amp<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 any person affected by the amendments may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board on february 24, 2000.
 as regards the specific contents of the two ordinances, the hong kong progressive alliance is basically favoured.
 on the contrary, the import of ecuador's imports increased the growth of 2<unk>3 of the 2<unk>3 and colombia.
 the most recent example of this is a dispute involving the integrity of the posa ho in the sharn hole in the sharm ho.
 it is envisaged that the contents of these items are contained in article 11 of the model model law.
 the chairman of the hong kong institute of development, chairman of the hong kong surveyors, will be a keynote session.
 the 12 juveniles arrested for the arrest of 12 juveniles in the operation were released on bail earlier earlier.
 this issue has been given to the ministry of foreign affairs of israel, but there is no progress at the moment.
 regional security systems have expanded its capacity to collect information on anti-terrorist activities in the east caribbean region.
 she also wished to know how information and the use of information on information and the use of such information.
 to protect consumers ' interests, i would like to raise the debate on the democratic party.
 turkey supports the director-general to encourage the director-general's policy, but the country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 however, there is 15 different countries in different countries.
 in accordance with the provisions of the treaty, requests for legal assistance in accordance with the provisions of the treaty.
 these realities must be resolved to ensure that the remaining 70000 people are able to return to their homes.
 the number of states should be imposed on the list of states, and direct victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to hon tam yiu-chung.
 as to the underemployment rate, the underemployment rate also appeared in the construction industry, the transport industry and the transport industry.
 a number of restrictions on the cost and expenditures provided for the assignments to the assignments have been provided.
 this is an exception to which it is a time-frame, which is not to be detained for a long time.
 on the weekend, there is a time of time for the weekend, and the time for the children's children and children are also blocked.
 it is another thing that the banks do not want to see that the government directs banks to deal with its business.
 enquiries can be made by the program: 2461111<unk> booking seats: 23734 9009.
 therefore, the taiwan strait can be able to study a unit.
 article 1 to 2001 of the georgian penal code issued a detailed statement of the procedure for the assets (the bank account).
 " in addition to the detection of the case, we also believe that the need to expand and traffic is necessary, " he said.
 since the united nations has established 50 years since the united nations has been one of the most saddened dictatorships of the continent.
 we do not agree in the process of resolving the north korea nuclear issue.
 then you will ask what i did not <unk>
 he was released after a few days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are continuing.
 finland will actively participate actively in the efforts of the conference, a global and effective treaty on anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, consideration should be considered in accordance with the international system of specific activities to article 13 to 18.
 deputy minister of the soviet embassy in italy to italy.
 a code of moral ethic codes should be established in the area of conflict zones.
 the prerequisites should be that the provisions should be fair, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 the spokesman added that all the sale arrangements have not been sold for sale in the home ownership scheme.
 during the same period, the number of births in hong kong was 53300, while the number of deaths in hong kong was 3300.
 however, i would like to say that the problem of the problem has been depressed in the history of the balkans.
 in the future of the future, the chinese side said: " the chinese people can do so. "
 over any other group, they need the attention and care of family, social and government attention.
 it has been reported that, in the area of pollution, these foods have been exported by food, and the food is imported.
 with regard to the choice of their children's choice, a reservation was made by luxembourg in the ratification of this convention.
 they also discussed and agreed to stop the flow of arms into the country.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should carefully discuss with the industry and listen to their views.
 i would like to want to be a young boy. i would also like to go to all the victims over the past 10 years.
 niu kuang talked women to sell all copyrights in taiwan.
 overall plans are focused on assisting girls and women to raise self-esteem.
 he strongly reiterated that the administration and palau are committed to safeguarding the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 17, 1928, the secretary of the chinese communist party, the secretary of the chinese communist party, has reached a revolutionary revolution in pingjiang.
 in the promotion of chickens, there are two staff members of the country and farmers, and the farmer has been able to promote the development of the fisheries industry.
 the advisory committee requested that a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding had not been received.
 against this background, the committee has worked hard to understand the full acts of iraq.
 the special rapporteur has visited rwanda.
 they have lost their power.
 the main reason for which the unexploded balance had been terminated by termination of troops.
 moreover, as a member of the international community, we will continue to contribute directly to the palestinians.
 research and practical application of research and practical application activities should be strengthened.
 under the basic law, all the permanent residents of the hong kong special administrative region shall be elected and elected.
 in the period under review, 40 enterprises in service industries have been loaned during the reporting period, creating or 79 work.
 in early june, members of the council participated in the drafting of a further response to the nuclear tests conducted by india and pakistan.
 i take this opportunity to thank the friendly countries of friendship and friendship, international organizations and the united nations.
 we are persuaded to do business.
 a few months later, this storm will be a very painful adjustment period.
 ah, we have been closed yesterday.
 after protesting protests, some of the people's emotions have been shouted, and the police used a high pressure of high pressures.
 a programme of work for the establishment of a trade point (see annex 4).
 i think it is most important to respect civil servants so that they will sit on the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about the changes in the pension system and the impact of this change was much greater than that of men.
 (c) the force commander: the office of the office of the office is sensitive to the two local level posts.
 in fact, it has decided that the increase in the world economy and the expected increase in international trade.
 the ministry of community development and family support division, and the support division, has been carried out through publicity, national family, exhibitions and similar activities.
 " the exhibition is extremely successful in the context of a strategic partnership and strategic partnership point.
 the international community should continue to look at human rights in the same position as the same status in the same position.
 despite some of the obvious difficulties, these positive developments have been made in the context of its figures and diversity.
 the provisions of the joint declaration in annex iii of the joint declaration also met with article 122 of the basic law.
 he was kicked down.
 the united states dollar deposits increased only by 17% in july and november, with only a modest increase in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of this incident.
 it is clear that women's ability to participate in the society is clearly dependent on economic and social resources and their legal rights.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and the committees are clearly reflected in many of the discussions of all of humankind.
 it is necessary to end their despair and pain.
 " we are committed to maintaining all important elements of the hong kong success, " mr tung said.
 in the light of the position of the position, china has made a reasonable solution.
 of these 20000000000 us dollars, after all, it is only $ 123000000.
 the rental index for the consumer price index reflects the changes in rents paid by households in hong kong.
 such an approach should concentrate on whether the proceeds will be proceeded to the original security product.
 he believed the preparations for the beijing olympic games will certainly be successful in the 2008 olympic games.
 the committee considered the key issues of productive employment in the last session of the commission at its last session in february this year.
 what can be done can be done in the context of our economy, and we will give us a general assessment.
 in 2000, the maternity protection of the workplace is also prohibited in the workplace.
 the practical facilities for paraguay also have significant improvement, leaving the river transit corridor to become the 2 key transport routes for the road transport.
 welcome you.
 in this connection, the financial secretary also agreed to show that it would be possible to implement it as soon as possible.
 for the public, the importance of the general assembly, as far as the importance of the general assembly is concerned.
 in most countries, the population of the elderly is far higher than the overall population growth.
 a 45-year-old man was killed at 2 am today (friday).
 in addition, it is reported that the national archives museum also had been looted on 12 may 1994.
 today's opening ceremony is the opening ceremony of the chinese space technology and technology exhibition.
 their discipline and their disciplinaryity is to be used as the united nations.
 these proposals have been made by the public opinion in many years.
 " a police spokesman stressed: " two of them are ordinary letters, " a police spokesman stressed.
 police appeal to members of the public who know the whereabouts of the missing person on 2733 2333 or 2373 2331 or 2373 2331.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the timetable for the system-wide meeting.
 in the seven-year-old man, the spirit of the spirit is a good voice.
 this incident took place in the way close to the path of emigration.
 in fact, the number of unemployed has been higher than the number of unemployed.
 the government has also allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries from its decision to suspend its debts.
 in this century, mankind has been able to see human beings great achievements and see some disastrous tragedy.
 mr deputy president, in explanation of my amendment, i would like to say a few words on this point of argument.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is civilian populations.
 <unk> 2 <unk> <unk> <unk> 2 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> ed.
 i believe that the chinese government has promised to draft the basic law to draft the basic law.
 the violation of these rights may be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum for dealing with many of them.
 this money provides for the growing demand for the provision of the iraqi people's population of food and medicine.
 note: china's charity fund and the chinese temple of chinese temples were set up soon after the chinese temples ordinance.
 it is well known that voluntary and compulsory recruitment of voluntary recruitments are sometimes difficult to different.
 this letter was written by the chinese special page on the chinese language, and so it was written.
 at the same time, the rate of inflation for inflation is not lower, and it is expected that the inflation rate of inflation will be close to 10 per cent.
 mr ip has also mentioned that a lot of voters in the legal profession have been tired of a lot of voters.
 i would also like to agree with the amendments to the proposed amendments to a number of additional administrative requirements.
 i do not need to repeat them here.
 a meeting was held to the 1 session of the review commission 1 session.
 the management system is a complex project, which has a profound impact on the management of united nations personnel, budgetary and financial work.
 if there is still a lot of money, the number of chinese prizes are also high.
 in conjunction with the relevant measures, customs, the lands department, the lands department, lands department and the planning department will carry out such verification with the oil company.
 mr. wang ying-ying (china) (spoke in chinese): i and my colleagues, like my colleagues, congratulate you as the president of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police are unable to ensure security.
 the text of the text is to submit a number of political options and rights to the states concerned.
 responding to the police, the police officers conducted an investigation and raided three rooms on march 27.
 they must accept the continuing professional training and their registration <unk> mandate will be given for renewal.
 in late february each year, the education department is invited to participate in the selection process in march.
 however, these techniques are enormous.
 i would like to say a little hesitation with him.
 in paragraph 3 of the operative paragraph 3, the contradictions in paragraph 3.
 the minimum obligation for the minimum obligation to benefit from the community will benefit from the community.
 the view was expressed that the draft guide should address the remuneration of the insolvency representative.
 i do not repeat the arguments that i am not repeating earlier, i only hope that the old loyal employees of the elderly will give them a bit of justice.
 during the absence of other speakers, the president, after the consent of the group, should announce the debate.
 in his work, he said: " you will often be able to reach a darkness, " he said.
 in the future, the ceiling level should be kept again in the future, and there is no need for fixed.
 the sisters of the 2 sisters have been suffering from hunger and guards and storms and storms.
 " we should continue to improve the level of service. this is the expectations of our society, " the spokesman said.
 it will be a major step forward in the future.
 the community is now strongly committed to adopt a bill of rights through the adoption of a bill of rights.
 in my view, the government is simply " himself ".
 however, when the delegation went to new york, it was able to enter the united states, and prevent them access to the united states.
 " the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will greatly slow. "
 the united kingdom believes that the court should be consistent with some guidelines.
 i think the government should more actively implement the relevant policy.
 the vienna convention on treaties relating to multilateral covenants and agreements relate to multilateral covenants and agreements, including human rights treaties.
 myanmar chose the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is making a real democratic state to establish a market-oriented economy.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandan soldiers were allegedly 7, including five children.
 " we will make a notice as soon as possible, " he said.
 (ii) management of private land is the responsibility of the land title.
 this is more vulnerable to the poor.
 we also believe that hong kong's cultural life is to be an ideal city for a long time. "
 in a number of countries, cross-border cross-boundary transfers are within the customs and regulations, such as smuggling or violation of foreign exchange control.
 more than 90% of the salaries tax and personal income tax tax can be received in the next two weeks.
 however, we must overcome the sadness and consider what japan must be done.
 in the sudan, welfare and family affairs of the ministry of health and social development are responsible for the tenth anniversary of the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as the chairman of the administrative committee and the chairman of the administrative committee and to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is the mission of italian missions and the department of public information, which will end on friday, 5 november.
 at the same time, life expectancy at birth (table 3 and chart 5).
 secondly, there are checks and balances between the administration and the legislature.
 even if the shell is not a few days, there is no one to work in the street.
 this year, after all, this year is a matter of differentity.
 next, let us take a look at iraq's policy in the past.
 in addition, members may also observe the investigation of the police office.
 when i 've got to me, it's very good.
 despite a good financial results, structural adjustment programmes have not been able to reach its goals in gdp growth.
 yes, there is a little difference.
 if we wish the united nations to play a crucial position, we must make the united nations to take a step forward step before developments.
 the financial secretary mentioned the " lion rock ".
 the housing authority will be responsible for repairing the public housing estates in the ground under the ground.
 mr deputy president, mr deputy president, i believe this is my last meeting of the legislative council.
 the spokesman said: " the number of accidents and accidents in the catering industry have a downward trend.
 the croatian police are also engaged in walking on walking and vehicle patrols in part of their control areas.
 mr cheung pointed out that this will be misunderstanding in the education department.
 now, the united nations needs more support than ever before.
 before the registration plan is officially implemented, the authorities will consider carefully the views of the registration plan.
 his excellency the president: mr martin lee, you have to ask the views of the views and is not appropriate to ask questions.
 as a matter of fact, the government has already been " winding ", and it would be possible to reduce the remuneration of civil servants.
 he will fly to washington for the last day of the 10-day visit to washington.
 the country's exports from the developing countries increased from 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the web site is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session, at its 12 session, the court decided to submit this matter to the meeting of states parties.
 so, she made her high shoes.
 152, although there is a need to analyse data and quantifying data, the contents of the data on data are less.
 however, the report pointed out that although the local market has been sold in the local market, the power of the population is extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agreed that this view was proposed and recommended that the present rate of 73.7 per cent.
 in the fight against the fight against terrorism, the international community should not be the reasons for pre-trial.
 the authorities have been recognized by the ad hoc group to the interests of " national security ".
 however, there are many countries in hong kong's economy, and the surplus of the treasury has a surplus of many countries.
 it should be done.
 under the under-secretary-general, the under-secretary-general has indicated that the duration of the duration of the commission is not determined.
 for more than 3, a large number of documents have shown that, owing to the supply of water supply, the cost of the water supply has been made.
 the treaty is restricted to the prohibition of nuclear explosions, but not prohibiting the quality of nuclear tests, the quality of nuclear weapons or manufacturing systems.
 they told him that they could not be able to visit him.
 overall, it is much greater than its part.
 (b) the electrical and mechanical services department, which will be public holidays, will be integrated on january 1, this year.
 in the green paper, it is indeed a hurring that he said.
 in 1993, the number of witnesses in china was a member of the hong kong institute of arbitrators in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority was given to the long-term strengthening of co-operation in the promotion and infrastructure of national protection and infrastructure.
 this age group is about 5 hours per week.
 this phase will lead to a single uniform rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must be used as international law as the most powerful law.
 at present, the economic co-operation of science and technology is rapidly expanding, and the world is speeding towards multipolarization.
 on the other hand, the topic of the chinese painting and the museum of the museum of the museum is also beginning.
 in a sense of rationale and sense of depth, it's a great deal.
 i address the response of the crisis in the exploitation of sexual exploitation in west africa.
 however, the fundamental cause of the angolan people is truly committed to peace and national reconciliation.
 there was a significant increase in china's exporters and investors.
 there are few indications that the presence of fiji is the most acute drug.
 as a result of such seminars, everyone is very tired, but everyone is very tired.
 externally turtles of brazil, fugros and budemons have been the most powerful species in taiwan.
 women have also been discrimination against women, or in the form of the work of the people.
 (a) its economic more than 50 per cent of its economy<unk> (2) can be referred to the developed countries.
 today, the 1 time of female head of state in the history of saint lusia is the 1 time.
 sometimes, the non-governmental organizations attempt to influence a government.
 this phenomenon is the product of a new unilateral system of the country of the country.
 recently, there have been some original groups that have not been educated.
 however, with the return of the people's return to political life, it will be necessary for east timor to continue its resources.
 in the capital of baghdad, a police officer was attacked by car bombs, killing at least five people and 19 wounded.
 for several months, the police charged with violations of human rights violations and other irregular acts or criminal offences.
 his election highlights the various advantages of him, his personal qualities and his rich experience in international affairs.
 since tourism is a people-oriented industry, no such staff will not survive.
 at the same time, the line of 10 cms will be required for a 10-storey line between 173 and 133.
 the word " withdrawal ".
 at the same time, the department is also trained in specialized training to deal with hawkers.
 in the case of non-existent security, the debtor continues to hold the debtors and the maintenance of the responsibility of the debtor.
 i am confident that these arrangements, in particular of mutual legal assistance, will be in the future.
 however, we have not seen any meaningful progress in the context of urgent needs.
 during the period, the explosion occurred near the scene, but there was no casualties.
 the council has also embarked on a new " mixed " meeting, namely the open meeting of all members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo stated that all measures have been taken to ensure that it would not be possible.
 as mentioned above, there was no mention of the office in section 8 of the document.
 i accept the secretary for constitutional affairs that it is too close to the fact that some things could not be done.
 equitable distribution is equally important.
 two vacancies have to be filled and the meeting was suspended.
 parking carparks will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth in the portfolio's portfolio is still stable.
 many people have been able to enjoy the convenience of access to cass.
 in mid-july this year, lee has visited japan to attend the 8 world muscle to japan in the 8 world muscles.
 the 3 ldc meeting will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the comprehensive development plan of ma wan island.
 in accordance with that commitment, france will submit a report to the secretariat, which illustrates the detailed details of the two units.
 the chairperson also stressed the need for full participation in the secretariat, including the preparation of background documents, direct participation in meetings.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 new york, new york, november 12 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 the seventy is happy and he was satisfied with the satisfaction and love of her friend.
 mr cheung kin-chung's occupational safety and health management: " hong kong's occupational safety " is a keynote speech.
 i would like to ask you one thing, so i have been able to look for you.
 the new advantages of hong kong's new airport is the most advanced radar and other technical instruments.
 despite the limited financial difficulties of the economy, many of the small amount can be generated by a large amount of money.
 as to the contents of the draft articles, it was stated that the content of the draft is too complicated and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to uphold the rule of law and to uphold the rule of law.
 the allocation of resources for the biennium 2002-2003 is shown in table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has stated, all states needed to make their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, the writer is not objecting to the promotion of a university-wide employment.
 at the age of 50 years of age, he was found at the age of 50 years of age.
 the israeli occupying forces also destroyed the house after all houses of the village, causing another houses and burnt in another.
 the above-mentioned symptoms should be invited as early as possible for early detection and treatment for early detection and treatment.
 child prostitution refers to the use of children or any other forms of consideration, accessing or facilitating the use of children.
 this is a good achievement.
 meanwhile, the value of orders in the metal products industry increased further by 2%.
 it is equally important that the debt for the long-term problems faced by african countries accounted for 1<unk>3 of these export earnings.
 after a multi-hour debate and for many years, we are now going to return to the start of the start.
 the economic and social council have 14 panels of experts, which are members of the united nations to participate in the work of individuals and not states.
 as the expert unit is providing a more intensive tactical training.
 the entire project will be completed in the autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen to replace south-south cooperation and should be seen as a complement to it.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is collapsed, and there are many changes in the traditional family structure.
 to ensure that the quality of high-quality chinese textbooks may be established, the authorities have established chinese textbooks.
 another source: " banks are best to do. "
 some people were reportedly injured.
 while his delegation appreciated the leadership role in the field in the field, the panellists panellists on a number of interesting issues had not been provided.
 the united nations military contingent would help to prevent those who might wish to interfere with the process of democratization.
 however, it is necessary to look into trade with other priorities in the context of education, health and management.
 however, it was reported that this man had been transferred to the hospital, and since then he was transferred to the whereabouts of the whereabouts.
 in order to avoid the political interests of political parties, the campaigns of political parties should be subject to strict control and maintaining transparency.
 it is expected that the year 2000 will be completed in 2000, which will provide background information and exercises for the right to development.
 unexpectedly, he had imagined that sun sun's road encounters with numerous waves.
 the chairman of the small-and medium-sized enterprises (hkc) and the chairman of the committee will report to the chief executive with three working groups.
 asianet daily summary-press releases on tuesday, 20 november 2001.
 as a result of the history of history, the new territories are subject to the control of a collective official official.
 we welcome these areas, " the spokesman added.
 if you don't " don't " don't " don't " don't " don't " don't " don't " don't " don't " don't " know what " love ".
 in may 1998, the indonesian forces of indonesia's indonesian security forces seemed to be a matter of urgency, no matter whether the authorities or the local people do not.
 please watch a series of five sets in new zealand's 5 series of new zealand's trips.
 the new integrated work guidelines adopted by 18 june 1998 were included in resolution 1171 (1998).
 15. in the course of the experimental system, it was suggested that there was an impact on the number of participating areas.
 the television station broadcasts a few programmes on this seminar to help raise public awareness on this issue.
 if a person is under 65 years of age, there is a minimum wage of more than a minimum wage for more than the minimum wage.
 in general, this information is not disclosed.
 he has always made a great commitment to success in the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the competent body to carry out a review of the regulations on the highest international standards.
 " the labour department will find a suitable employment and helping employment of the local university graduates, " he said.
 since china's recent accession to the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games will be held in beijing, the co-operation is expected to be prepared.
 recently, one of the academics from the mainland in hong kong was attended by scholars from the mainland.
 in the overall case, the existing system has played the checks and balances.
 he said that if someone had theft, he was cut off his hands, and it would also guarantee the safety of thousands of people.
 the kosovo serbs participate in the elections, indicating the importance of the attention of the provisional self-government.
 ninion was a ruf headquarters.
 the " taipei museum " signboards " signboards " signboards.
 the names of the names of the name, " the spokesman said: " it is purely complicated by a blano and barbaki.
 born in new zealand in 1944, kettte, who met with new zealand, wasn't <unk>x <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 in the traditional market, the two chickens are engaged in their own business.
 details of the scheme, both in english and english, will be put up at the venues at the time of the proposed project, for public inspection.
 because the dpp has set up a new dpp.
 in the manufacturing sector, it is indeed a choice of many employees.
 the claimant provides a export credit guarantee for exporters and contractors.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed a plan for implementation of national plans in various fields.
 the committee recommends that the more attention is given to the accuracy of the requirements.
 the owner of the estonian territory is entitled to medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for conflict resolution.
 the national daily also quoted economic academics in bangkok, " no one knows how many people know the cost. "
 this section has been published in the " red cross ", " says liaoning people's publishing publication.
 madam president, today, the secretary for today's today's today's today's today's grandchildren.
 i might say that, in the light of the atmosphere, i might say that there is some comparison.
 the annex contains comments by the government of the international court of the international court of justice referred to above.
 following the performance, the responses received very enthusiastic response to the members and staff members.
 i can also quote some examples, some people say that some of the long-term chronic diseases have to work with the hospital authority.
 the approval process was amended to reflect the latest development proposals in kowloon.
 in fact, i have arrived in chongqing.
 the panel is supporting to ensure that gender is more sensitive to gender.
 she has the highest and valuable products and enjoy all civil servants.
 all relevant departments will be involved in the scheme, and the scheme involves various activities that need to be sent to the victims.
 with regard to this obligation of states parties, the committee noted that, in some instances, reports would refer to the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in the case of usually, 100 fighters per hour can be fired from approximately 15000 small arms ammunition.
 2, a reduction of the situation is tense.
 first of all, the draft resolution on the interests of the peoples interests of the peoples interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded guilty to his daughter.
 in addition, there are no cash in the current peace-keeping operation.
 my delegation also thanked the under-secretary-general and the special representative of the special representative for his briefing this morning.
 this creates financial instability in developing countries for foreign investment.
 a international seminar was organized between the government of the czech republic and the czech republic on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 the number of banks in hong kong has remained unchanged at 177.
 this is mainly attributed to the lack of differences in the past 5 years or lack of achievements in the past 5 years.
 the new phenomenon has caused sickness and orphans suffering from children and orphans<unk> the increase in the clans of the clan has become more severe.
 in january this year, mr. sergio de mello, proposed by the council, should be generally strengthening the effectiveness of the civilian police handled complex operations.
 our assessment is that conditions for return to sierra leone or liberian conditions do not exist.
 the population of the african population is about 19 per cent of the population of africa.
 at the same time, hong kong and some countries have developed countries, such as thailand, china, indonesia, korea and india.
 one of the united states spend more than 10,000 advertisements in the whole year.
 i think that the humanitarian situation in iraq must be borne in mind.
 this is the subject of looking for the problem.
 oios urges the department to assist the department of disarmament to help newize the new political will of member states.
 the financial secretary's financial position is lucky than britain, so there is absolutely no need for it.
 the last time of la laden's image appeared at the end of 2004, but his deputy of his deputy zazai, his deputy.
 the 4 area is the creation of national institutions based on the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up a working group on waste reduction plans (ord under the working group) to be chaired by mr tam kwok-wah.
 the honourable martin lee said that the government did not respond to this matter. "
 on the day before the performance, hu nai-yuan's musical scholars show the symons of national music scholars, and with the old-in-kind clans.
 the gross surplus of the business services sector accounted for 17.2% in 1995, a percentage point lower than that in 1995.
 in post-conflict post-conflict, children have a dominant position in society, and children need care.
 military attacks on the civilian population of the civilian population were carried out on a daily basis.
 a spokesman for the department said that 540 additional visits were completed during the two-week period of the two-week survey period.
 the chickens have been tested and tested through testing and blood test. "
 he said that the secretariat would like to provide guidance for the continuation of these practices.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres long and extends 10 kilometres from iraq and 5 kilometres to kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children engaged in family services are girls.
 as a result, a number of measures have been introduced to ensure that the needs of female prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco).
 on the 1 time, taiwan's 1 time, liu ming-ming also came to taiwan.
 the central meteorological festival is expected to be a heavy fog weather in the north china and south china.
 this section recalls the reasons that the right to food may be brought to the court.
 at the end of the 19 century, buds were born in taiwan.
 the criminal law and criminal procedure have been amended to strengthen the national legal system.
 an appropriate legal sanctions would be able to promote compliance with respect to the author's procedures for the manufacture of arms.
 the government and the business community have launched a series of activities aimed at strengthening the international community's confidence in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces are too large and the federal budget cannot be maintained.
 at the dinner of the dinner, the hong kong ballet company in the hong kong ballet company will be held in the hong kong ballet company.
 at the opening ceremony, the director of home affairs, mr lee li-chen, said: " all along, hong kong is a immigration society.
 on 30 may, a new battle between the forces and the taliban in the north-western part of the taliban were carried out by general.
 the number of computer systems in computer systems are also easy and easy, and also triggered a number of major issues which also triggered privacy and other related issues.
 this document will be included in the voluntary exchange of members of the asean region, indicating that they believe that the security situation in the area has been in place.
 on a daily basis, the soldiers said that the goods will be handed over, but they have repeatedly been delayed.
 " the early implementation of the mpf system, the more overall burden on the whole community will be better.
 the committee was informed that the replacement of the replacement from the united nations assistance mission to the united nations assistance mission in rwanda is not compliable.
 on the contrary, they often look at the people of the people, such as the enemy.
 the railway system is an integral part of our transport system.
 under the provisions of the convention, it was recognized that troop-contributing countries are important partners in peacekeeping operations.
 i think that this would be my voters.
 through this election, we fully ensure that hong kong is an asset of the asset.
 it appears that, despite the author's intention to use this procedure, they did not use this procedure.
 as a result, it is not easy to follow the way to the new areas, but it's not to go to a new field. "
 as a result, the results of the results will be issued in july.
 as early as the 1940s 1940s, johnson's works had exceeded half a century.
 however, madam president, the bill today is a big question that the bill will be implemented within the transition period.
 he was arrested at los angeles, who arrived at los angeles at los angeles.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, presented the hong kong economic outlook for 2003 and the future.
 the economy is also highly dependent on energy resources, particularly natural gas and processing.
 a number of experts indicated that statistics did not adequately reflect the size of the problem.
 therefore, we would like to respond to the needs of different types of land in different areas.
 since the opening of the reforms in china, the exchange rate system has been a long-standing period of economic reforms.
 in the context of the shanghai forum, the bishk group has been established.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that its fundamental fundamental foundation has changed.
 we will continue to persuade the young people to continue to persuade young people, " he said.
 some of the results are as follows: in addition to religions, in social studies, mathematics, mathematics, agricultural and reading materials.
 this year's total revenue amounted to $ 105500, compared with $ 825600 higher than the last year.
 these provisions should be able to deal with the chinese side.
 non-expendable items carried out by the other currencies in other currencies are based on the united nations operational rate of exchange.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court was to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 we have also ranked 2. "
 after the incident, i understand that the doctor's friends had expressed strong dissatisfaction with the parties concerned.
 " there is a need to amend the revised plans to reflect the latest land use in the north-east lantau port.
 this forced bilateral negotiations on the stage of that phase.
 to that end, member states have to pay a legal obligation on time, full and unconditional payment of assessed contributions.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information on the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 for more than half a century, mankind live in a cold danger.
 he said that it was a cabinet for the first cabinet to address these problems.
 it will also be necessary for the 2003-04 to take up the time for 2003-2004, the longer the longer the longer the time.
 there are no other groups of groups that have been separated.
 the seriousness of article 3 of the geneva conventions are comparable with a serious violation of article 3 of the geneva convention.
 2. a summary of the accounting policies for these financial statements shall be given to the financial statements.
 in the south of yunnan, there will be a heavy rain in some places in south-west.
 on behalf of the government and people of the comoros, i would like to express our condolences to the families of the hero comoros.
 undp has not yet carried out a plan for donors trusting the structure of the undp structure.
 the bureau of the year 2000 was chaired by the chairman of the bureau, mali and ukraine, with the delegations of mali and ukraine.
 ohchr will promote the right to development to the right to development, plan, policies and operational activities.
 the vocational training council is currently conducting an average of about 70 examinations, which can be accommodated at about 3000 candidates.
 after the culprits, the culprits entered the sleep of the employer. he disclosed the incident.
 the authorities have already announced today today.
 for example, killings have already been set up at 3 stage, but it was late until it was late.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and it should be possible to work and employment.
 the volume has been reduced by 30 per cent.
